Add uri as an acceptable use of ODO.id (#112)
decentralized-identity/credential-manifest: spec/spec.md

[[ref:Output Descriptor Objects]] are composed as follows:

> - The [[ref:Output Descriptor Object]] ****MUST**** contain an `id` property. The value of the `id` property ****MUST**** be a string that does not conflict with the `id` of another [[ref:Output Descriptor Object]] in the same [[ref:Credential Manifest]]. It is acceptable for `id` to be a URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [[ref:Output Descriptor Object]] ****MUST**** contain an `id` property. The value of the `id` property ****MUST**** be a string that does not conflict with the `id` of another [[ref:Output Descriptor Object]] in the same [[ref:Credential Manifest]], e.g., a UUID or a unique URI.
```
